
# Shocked by Electricity: Presentation

Hej Jakob,

This repository houses our project on the electrification impact study. At its core is the Quarto presentation (`index.qmd`). Here's a breakdown of the repository's structure and instructions on rendering the presentation:

## Repository Structure

- **`index.qmd`**: The main Quarto document for our presentation, containing our findings, visualizations, and analysis.
- **`assets/`**: Directory containing all images and graphs referenced in the presentation.
- **`_extensions/`**: Quarto extensions for additional functionality and styling within our presentation.
- **`index_files/`**: Support files generated by Quarto during the rendering process.
- **`index.html`**: The rendered HTML version of our presentation, for easy viewing in a web browser.

### Installing extensions

To install the extensions, you can use the following command in the terminal:

```
quarto add quarto-ext/fontawesome
```

You don't have to do this, it just creates some icons that are used in the presentation. You can read more about it [here](https://github.com/quarto-ext/fontawesome).

## Viewing the Presentation

To view the rendered presentation, simply open `index.html` in your preferred web browser.

## Rendering the Presentation in RStudio

For rendering and making adjustments to the `index.qmd` presentation, follow these steps in RStudio:

1. **Open RStudio**: Ensure you have RStudio installed on your system.
2. **Install Quarto**: If not already installed, download and install Quarto from [Quarto&#39;s official website](https://quarto.org/).
3. **Clone the Repository**: Clone this repository to your local machine using RStudio's Git support or directly via the command line.
4. **Open `index.qmd`**: Navigate to the cloned repository in RStudio, and open the `index.qmd` file.
6. **Render the Presentation**: Use the "Render" button in RStudio to compile and view the presentation. If you prefer the command line, navigate to the repository's directory and run `quarto render index.qmd`.

## Collaboration

Feel free to make adjustments or add new findings to the `index.qmd` document. If you encounter any rendering issues, please let me know.